[Music]
Yeah, Blade Runner.
Yeah, no spoilers.
2049.
So what did you think of it?
I thought the movie was great.
It was a good movie.
I've heard mostly good things.
Yeah, I really dug it.
I tried to keep expectations really low.
Yeah, good life rule.
But the soundtrack was not.
I even tried to keep an open mind for it, but man was I disappointed with it.
That sucks you haven't seen it because I wanted to discuss certain parts
and I thought maybe you would.
Well, to be fair, my thoughts.
Our listeners may not have seen it as well.
I didn't see it.
Oh, you can see it.
Well, all right.
We watched the original again last week because Heather.
That's all you need to see.
Oh, God, we got to crack this.
It's just so typical like, Zimmer.
There's parts where it's like, high action.
And like, all of a sudden the music is just deafening.
It's just like, brrr, you know, it's like these, it's like, orchestral hits.
It's not even orchestral hits.
It's this weird like, hyper saw that just blasts.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's like this big detuned saw sound that's just deafening.
And it's just like, really?
There's a few moments where it gets almost like travel percussive.
And it sounds cool.
And I'm like, okay, I bet you this is the direction that Johan was going to go.
You know, but then like, every time it's an action moment.
It like takes you away from the action because it's just so loud and just kind of shitty sound.
Yeah.
Like it does not sound like a Blade Runner soundtracks.
It sounds like your typical like, wannabe action movie soundtrack.
Every time the stuff starts to get like, tense in action.
Yeah.
And that just, I feel like that really ruined those moments for me.
Did you see that director talked about it and why?
No.
Yeah, they said it was Johan's choice basically.
But the director requested a soundtrack that was more, that was closer to the original sound.
And apparently Johan wasn't providing that.
And he was like, oh, well, kind of taking myself off of this.
And they went to Han Zimmer to get a sound closer to the original sound.
Well, I don't know.
I don't feel like he achieved that at all.
Right.
Like, not at all.
Yeah.
I mean, there's a couple moments where it's ambient, like Vary's hanging out in his apartment and stuff like that.
And you'll hear some like, you know, CS80 type sounds.
Yeah.
I'm like, OK, that's cool.
And that's the only place where they really needed to be music.
You know what I mean?
It's at the slower moments.
The action should speak for itself.
And it does in the original.
You know what I mean?
Anytime there's like action in the original Blade Runner, it's where the sound kind of stops.
Right.
You know?
Yeah.
You hear, like, press, like, our hands hitting the floor type of thing.
You hear your hearing, what's going on?
You hear the rain.
The weird, whooshing sound in the background.
You know, all that shit.
Except for like, the death of Tyrell.
You know what I mean?
There's like a swell of music there because it's like an impactful moment.
Other than that, like, that doesn't happen.
But in this movie, yeah, it's like every time it's like, oh, guess what?
This is an action part.
The music is just like, yeah.
It's just like, ah, all right.
It's like, thanks Hans, I didn't know.
That's fuck.
Oh, well.
But it's a minor complaint.
I mean, it didn't do right too much from your overall enjoyment.
Honestly, at least seeing it in the iMacs on that sound system, I feel like it did ruin
some of the more action moments for me.
Like, it was just distractingly loud over everything else in the movie.
You know what I mean?
Well, maybe it was like trying to focus on the sounds happening in the movie and then
it's just like this overbearing sound, which is what a lot of people said in interstellar
and stuff too.
But that movie was kind of chill to begin with.
So I didn't mind the fact that you had like that roaring organ sound, you know, in the
iMacs it was deafening, but I liked it.
Not so much in Blade Runner.
It was like, this needs to be scaled the fuck down.
Like, take it down a notch, Hans.
But maybe that was Hans taking it down a notch.
He just blows his nose.
If you go up to talk to him, he's just constantly screaming at you.
He has no sense of volume.
Hello!
Maybe it'll be play better at home, like a home theater where it's not going to have
that crazy ass super loud system.
Sure.
It'll be a little bit more diminished.
The sound overall, I feel, is great though.
You know, it sucks your parts where you couldn't hear it, because it was just drowned out in
the soundtrack ship.
But yeah, overall, I feel like the sound work and sound design, it was really solid.
It's long, right?
Like three hours.
It's the three hours, yeah.
And we went for like, we didn't know it was that long.
We went to the 1045 showing, which didn't start until like 11.
Yeah.
And this was a weeknight.
Nice.
Yeah.
And like, we got out of the theater and it's 3am.
I'm like, what the fuck?
I'm sorry, I did not expect that.
But so we could get into the Synthrotech mess.
Oh, Jesus.
It's going to down.
The elephant in the room.
Yeah.
Actually, it's not kind of a downer, it is a downer.
It sucks too, because it went from like the Muffwiggler controversy to that, like back
to back.
And I was just like, what the hell is going on?
If there was a Euro-Rax stock market, it would have dipped to a little bit of that period.
Got them out, the Great Depression of 2017.
It was just a fantastic explosion in self-reveal of somebody's like fucked up notions of the
world and bias towards things and how you can let your company kind of be your platform
for political things, which is just dumb.
Yeah.
That's just like, you're, it's suicide, man.
Like, what do you, all because you got hyped up one day on some of your, your ideals that
you felt were infringed upon, you use like your company's social media to promote your
shittiness.
Fuck him.
Fuck what he's done to his company.
Fuck his videos.
Fuck his self-righteous.
There's a crusade against me.
Blah, blah, blah.
That was the most disgusting part is that he's trying to play victim-thright.
Yeah, that was the war.
That was the war.
I'm like, what?
Yeah.
And then that turned into like him backpedaling and being like free speech, which is again,
that's like, oh, you just, it's also free speech to criticize you, you realize.
And then the whole like, it's punk rock to say obnoxious racist shit.
And then like posting on his Instagram, like old bands that had like, you know, hooded
like clan members on their punk rock stickers and how you can talk about anything, guys.
Well, you do know like when they did that, it was typically against it.
Yeah.
They were using the swab lometry.
They were using it to contrast the opposite of that.
They were saying, well, not a little marketing tactic.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Which is what he's doing.
He's doing the T-shirts with Baphomet element.
Why are you using the image of Baphomet, if you're not?
Yeah.
And if he's got, if he's a Christian, fine.
There wouldn't have been any problem with that.
It's, I mean, at least maybe I'm speculating and speaking for myself.
It's the using this, using his energy against Planned Parenthood.
And then just turn around and go, oh, you just don't like me because I'm Christian.
Someone that worked for him come out on Facebook and said like, they were kind of like forced
to go to Planned Parenthood protests and shit.
That's incredible.
That would have been my last day there.
Yeah.
I don't think you're getting it, man.
He was trying to be the whole like sheep and with closing thing.
He was trying to use imagery that was the opposite of what he likes.
You know what I mean?
To appeal to people like outside of his, you know, ideals.
Yeah.
You know, like, even said that one of his videos like, oh, you know, I'm in Portland and, you
know, I infiltrated all these hippies and shit.
And I'm like, what are you talking about?
Good job.
Let's say, okay, so you're lying phony sack of shit.
What are you so proud about?
Like, well, I tricked you guys.
I got you to buy my t-shirts and I don't even believe in that shit.
I was like, okay.
And I did suffer through watching all five of those videos he posted.
I don't know how you made it through.
I watched 30 seconds of the first one.
Yeah.
And I hit unsubscribe and I was just like shaking my head.
I was like, this is so cringy.
He's like in this dark basement.
Yeah.
And it's Alex Jones looking to do.
It sucks for his employees and, you know, whoever else was involved in the production of these
modules because if you look on you sites and they're just, they're everywhere now.
No one wants anything to do with this.
Yeah.
And it's not because of his ideals.
It's because he's lying.
He just flat out been lying about everything.
If you want to run a Christian company, put that in the forefront.
Say this is what I stand for.
This is what my business is.
Exactly.
You know what I mean?
I don't subscribe to that, but that would not have stopped me from buying a shit.
Like, is that cool?
Good job, man.
The fact that he was like, oh, I've been lying to you people the whole time and trying
to play this victim card.
It's like, okay, why would I want to support you?
Yes.
And then follows that up with my mom is the CEO of Nabisco.
I'm a trust fund kid.
I don't need money, but it's priceless watching you all freak out over this.
And that's like, oh, dude, you're just like the bottom of the fucking barrel.
And what does he expect in the result of that to be?
Is he just getting off on being a troll or is it going to be that thing of like, ha, ha,
you got us, man.
We find that really endearing.
I think that's the thing.
Because now he's like posting like pictures of shipping crates and it's like, oh, Monday
was a great thanks for all the orders, guys.
And it's like, well, maybe your last Monday was twice as big.
You know, it's like this.
And again, I think we're all metrics there.
Yeah.
We're all becoming sensitive because of like fuck boy president where it's like, you know,
it's like the pushing of the exact opposite of what's actually happening as news.
Putting stuff like that out is very Trumpian.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Like there wasn't a lot of people out for my inauguration.
Here's 3,000 pictures of trying to convince you how big my fucking inauguration is.
And just dude, you're trying way too fucking hard.
Like no one's buying it.
And he also pulled the, oh, well, people in China are going to buy my shit anyway.
You guys, nothing.
All my sales are from China.
It's like, do you like, okay.
Just digging yourself a grave and like putting dirt on top of it.
Yeah.
He just crawled up on the cross and no one's paying attention to him.
It is a bummer because I do have this stuff.
I do have synthesis of tech stuff I've built and since we've all, we all have.
We all have.
And it's the joke's all on us.
But I'm looking at him.
I'm just like, I can't have this.
Like I have to get rid of stuff.
Like just so much of his stuff appeared that day in the you section on the box.
It was just like, boom.
I mean, I've accepted him to lose money on it because like you said, all of that stuff
is still going for pennies too.
And no one wants to just take this shit.
Exactly.
So I think I've actually thought about like just selling all of it and just donating it
to Planned Parenthood.
Whatever I would ever anyone's want.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
And like I have a shirt, I got a bunch of stickers, I got the koozy.
Basically I'm just putting it all in a box, putting it up there.
And it's not like any of his designs were all that unique or special anyway.
It's not like it's going to be hard to replace anything that he is released.
No, not at all.
The only thing that was appealing about it was a lot of it you could get DIY and it
was cost effective.
Well, it was very simple.
I think that was like the sequencer that was dirt simple.
Yeah.
That echo was you had three knobs.
I don't know.
It seems weird to start complimenting his designs.
I don't think they were that bad because they were very performance friendly.
That doesn't just that's not enough to keep it though.
Seeing that fucking logo just turns my stomach down.
It's too small of a community.
We know half the people we buy this stuff from.
It just feels weird to feel shitty about using a piece of gear, which you will just because
you know that asshole.
It's like anything else.
It's like, oh, that guy is awesome.
Or that guy's a weirdo, but he's a cool weirdo.
Which is totally exceptional.
I mean, even his whole political standpoint and ideal side, that still doesn't excuse
any of the sexist shit that he was doing by far.
Once he posted that stupid meme that no one got anyways, there were so many females that
were coming out on the forums saying, oh, this is the same dude that added me on Facebook
and then proceeded to like and leave creepy comments on all my selfies.
It's shit like that.
So he had an ironic meme putting a picture of a monster.
And then to turns out that he actually is just as creepy?
Or you know, yeah.
Exactly.
Again.
He comes on who?
Again, good job, man.
You really got to run us.
You showed us.
Fuck that.
We all learned our lesson.
I'm proud though at how quickly people didn't really feed the troll.
I mean, some did.
But for the most part, I want to just say, oh, okay, fuck you.
And just like immediately dumped his shit, stopped carrying his shit.
There was no apologies.
And there was no apologies.
That's what I like to see.
There was no, well, I mean, hey, you know, he's entitled to his.
There was some.
Oh, was it?
I thought that over mostly on like the Facebook groups.
Oh, okay.
You know, I personally got into an argument with a couple of people just because I commented
it and all of a sudden I was like targeted by these people like, whoa, you just don't
get it type of shit.
And I'm like, no, I think I do get it.
Unfortunately, I think I do get it.
Yeah, really not that complex.
I may not be an edgelord, but I can still understand.
This is my first rodeo on the internet.
I've been on 4chan since 2004.
I know a basement dweller when I see one.
I'm going to jack off.
For our listeners who are not from the Pittsburgh area, jack off is an insult.
You can figure out what it means.
It means you're a jack off.
So there's no real discussion here.
It seems like we're all kind of an agreement.
That's true.
Yeah.
I think we need someone here to bounce these off of these opinions off of them so they
can tell us their side and what we're not seeing, I guess.
I will say I'm probably going to keep that fucking cable holder.
Yeah, I actually don't have anything to replace that with.
There's nothing like that that exists.
Fuck you for making me keep that thing.
I wonder if he designed that or if he just slapped his name on it.
Like maybe we could find where he...
Can we paint sourced that from?
Can we make some pink ones for Planned Parenthood?
Oh, I'll paint my name.
Maybe that's what we need to do.
The first 6x dumpster product.
Maybe we can make some of these things.
I'm sure it's not that complicated to like...
I think we're on to something.
Yeah, pink ones.
Yeah, that's a good thing.
We got to do that.
So...
If a purchase gets a free beer cozy and we'll send them on his plan apparently.
You honestly wouldn't even need to make it out of the metal.
You could do it in acrylic if you...
Like 3D print them.
Yeah, exactly.
I think we're on to something.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Yeah, I love it.
Alright, yeah, the beer.
What do you think of the sequench?
It's good.
I like it.
I haven't had it before.
What is it?
Sequench.
Which is a...
Lime juice.
For sour, yeah.
Lime juice, black limes.
And sea salt.
Sea salt.
That sounds tasty.
That's pretty good.
It's very sour.
I think you have to say the whole name to get for it to be the pun.
Sequench ale?
Yeah.
Sequench ale circuits.
Electron.
Ok.
Octotrack shipping.
Yeah.
It is being shipped.
Some people have them in hand.
Screens look pretty.
It looks very nice.
Someone even took a picture of like from a camera angle way down low.
You know what I mean?
And you could still see the screen.
And like you know all the Mark 1 screen.
So we have to be like directly hovering over it.
Yeah.
Looking straight down.
So yeah, the screen looks excellent.
The new buttons look useful.
It's really tempting to get another Octotrack Mark 2.
Now that it has like the new OS and stuff.
Yeah.
Are the buttons like the keys on the DigiTac?
They're nice.
They're not like them.
Yeah.
The shortcut keys.
Nice.
Mm-hmm.
Less stuff buried in there.
Bring some stuff up to the forefront a bit.
Get three LFOs for track.
Get different effects.
You know, different types of reverbs.
You get more filters.
It's like cost twice the price, but you are getting like more than double the features.
Yeah.
So it's I don't know.
It's a tough one.
I mean, personally I'm all in on the DigiTac.
Yeah.
I feel like I'm also, you know, everyday finding new shit to do and to use with it.
I don't think I'm going to run out anytime soon with it.
The Octotrack is a lot less enticing for me.
Because the price or just too much stuff.
The price.
Gotcha.
The DigiTac is exactly how much I want to spend for that functionality.
Yeah.
I agree that the price point is what ultimately got me to bolt the trigger.
I feel like the DigiTac was actually for what you get.
It was decently priced for once.
Yeah.
I agree.
It's a good deal.
I still don't understand the heat though.
I mean, at least with the Octotrack there's so much shit in it.
It's like impossible to find one for under $700 right now for a distortion pedal essentially.
Yeah.
So those of you who had the Octotrack before are the new features in it.
Stuff that you've been like had wanted in the past.
Yeah.
Is it a market improvement over the first one?
It gets there.
The buttons on the interface look like they would make it faster to use.
I've seen one person comment that had one before.
They're like, oh, I didn't even go on back to the manual.
I haven't had one in a few years because the buttons now I'm like, oh, here's the feature.
The cool thing about the new electron buttons of course is you can do the printing on the
button or else before they never had anything printed on them.
So you could put like a number or whatever it is on there and then have like more information
below it printed on the screen or on the panel.
But you know, no new effects.
Specs wise, it's pretty much the same.
The new display is good.
Balanced inputs and outputs would make it kind of nicer.
There were always some level issues I felt with it with recording and it was kind of tricky
to get the levels right in the internal mixer.
But I don't know.
For a moment I was like, I kind of want one but now I'm fully over it.
And again, it's like I was using the Digitact a lot on the couch last night and I was like,
no, this is what I want.
Like this does the trick basically.
Even though to what you say, I want more LFOs and more effects.
That's the only thing I feel is limited is it's not like Digitact isn't great for sound
design.
It's something like I can pitch something up and down and I can put an effect on it.
I can use an LFO to change something but then you're done.
Right.
So again, it's a known limit.
It's good for drums.
Yeah.
I wish there was some rudimentary functions like that in the Digit but I don't know.
I'm a big fan of time stretch as an effect.
Yeah.
And Deokta I feel like due to its time stretch abilities was always a good mangeller especially
when he drops loops in there.
Yeah.
Basically I was using it for when I owned one.
Originally I wasn't using it as a drum machine or even a sampler.
I was dumping loops into it and just mangelling shit.
Yeah.
You can't really do that with the Digit.
Unfortunately.
Now it's at the same sort of algorithm.
I mean will it fall apart in the same sort of way if you did the time stretching compared
to the Mark 1?
Yeah.
I don't think much has changed in that regard.
I mean essentially the same OS.
Like I think the OS runs on both devices.
Yeah.
It will.
It's like oh wow.
Yeah.
You get the trigger conditions on the new one.
They haven't released it yet but I know that it looks like they found people are reporting
bugs.
And before the Oct track was very stable there were a few known bugs that were documented
that some people ran into that were like that's not show stopper.
And they ran out of space.
So they must have found some way to free up some space to add the trigger condition stuff.
I don't know.
Because before they were just like no it's full it's full.
Or just a little bit more.
Yeah.
Because I know they did that with the ornament and crime where they were like oh it's out
of space but maybe let's take out oh we had all this USB stuff that only mattered for
development.
They took it out and freed up a bunch of space and that's how they started to make some
changes again.
Oh cool.
So maybe they just figured out something they could cut out.
I don't know.
Or some library dependency that was just not needed.
That type of shit ends up beating up space.
Yep.
But it looks beautiful.
It does.
I'm really tempted.
I could easily see having a digi and that.
You know what I mean?
Like using the Octa as my looper manger you know fuck shit up box and keeping my digi
as like a drum machine basically.
Yeah.
Which is how I've been using it.
I'd be curious to A, B, the sound just like put the same sample.
Like the encoders itself?
Yeah the encoders and just like the output because I always noticed like I was using the
rhythm a lot the past few days and I was using the digi tag last night and I hit just one
sample and I'm like damn that sounds like really clear and good.
On the digi.
Yeah.
The rhythm is always just like kind of muddy.
Absolutely.
Not in a bad way but it's.
I feel like all the Mark 1's have always suffered from the muddy sin sound which is what
these Mark 2's are supposed to change to.
They said the inputs and outputs have been updated on the Octa and yeah if we're using
the digi as a you know example that's what they're going to sound like then that's good
because yeah the digi sounds nice.
It really does.
Sort of like the first of the Mark 2 type writing.
Like even it's a Mark 1 for the digi.
Yeah.
It represents the new standards they're going to have.
I always thought it was the filters and the Mark 1 electron stuff.
But then I noticed like even on the rhythm if you disable like filtering and stuff it's
still thin it's not like the A4 thin now which everything out of that box sounded.
That was rough.
Yeah.
It just sounded like it just lacked depth to the sound.
You know what I mean I guess it's just the encoders or the outputs rather.
Yeah.
I don't know but if everything if all the Mark 2's are going to sound like the outputs
of the digi then that's that's a good improvement over all the Mark 1's.
I'm liking the STS and I have to install the new OS but at the same time it's still
kind of limited.
You can only do 10 samples you know what I mean.
This is the 4 millisecond stereo triggered sampler we're talking about.
Yes.
The 4.
Very nice module.
Yeah the new firmware just dropped yesterday.
It improves the latency that it was having.
It improves some of the features like being able to save state when you power down.
That was my biggest complaint that I emailed Dan about before that shows like is there any
way.
I was like I'm not finding it in the manual to have this thing remember you know my place.
Yeah when I shut it down he was like no so we're trying to implement the future though.
It's in there now so it's also half the price of an octa track in comparison it's like you
know what I mean.
It is really sweet to be able to trigger long samples within the modular though and record
stuff on the fly.
It's tough call.
So many sampling options now.
You know like I don't even worry.
Yeah this is just blowing up for samplers.
What are the new things on the DISTING the Mark 4 is the sampler.
It has a sampler.
Oh yeah you're not talking about that.
So Mark 3 had the sampler but now they've updated it and they have that new screen which
makes it look way easier to navigate some of that.
So I didn't even realize the Mark 3 had a sampler because I looked at the first one.
I was like oh this is really cool and it was like 16 algorithms and it was an interesting
thing and I just sort of like never got one never really paid attention to it.
Saw that they made new ones and then the fourth one like popped up and I saw they'd
added the screen.
I'm like oh I'm gonna give this another.
I'm gonna look at this again.
76 algorithms SD slot to load samples and MIDI files.
Yeah that was nuts.
It looks like they've really gone over the top and it's only like $10 more than it had
been.
I think the third one did sample playback but this one I'll actually do like stereo or
core down stereo playback which is kind of crazy.
Yeah it's for that.
I'm definitely tempted to get to get it and even if I don't use the sampler I'll use one
of the 75 other things it does.
It looks like it was just crammed as much as possible into a tiny 4HP little monster machine.
I see I'm kind of the opposite now.
I've been getting out of like all in one modules.
That's why I saw it a good chunk of my beautiful stuff because I noticed like I'll just plain
forget you know what I mean?
Everything that it can do.
Yeah.
And I'll only use it for like one function generally.
What's my problem with the ornament and crime?
Yeah.
Is that can only have one program loaded and the whole time I'm like well I want I like
all of them.
Exactly.
Then you have to get multiple and if you're getting multiples at that point it's like
you might as well just buy a couple like single you know one trick pony modules that do this
and do very well.
That's why I got repeat.
You know because I kept forgetting all the other modes or I was just using it for an
LFO or I was just using it for a VCA and then I want to use both or something and I'm just
okay well then why do I have this module?
I could just get a tiny VCA and a tiny LFO and I don't have to mess around with different
modes and remembering what knob does what.
Yeah.
You know I don't know.
I don't mind the modes thing because I also got the Pico DSP but there's only eight.
Right.
It's very bright colors.
For some reason in my mind they make sense like red for bit crusher.
Yeah yeah.
That makes sense.
I figured you'd dig that man.
That's why I recommended to you like I was like David would be on this but it sounds good.
I don't know you actually got one.
Yeah.
I remember recommended.
Thank you for the recommendation because I didn't really give it a bit of a bit of
a shot and it sounds great.
Me.
Yeah.
I bought one before that show because I was like I need another reverb.
I mean I have a shit ton of reverb but I couldn't fit anymore in my live rig.
I needed something small and I was looking at that.
I was like this thing's only three HP and it has a couple different reverb modes.
I was like I'm sure it doesn't sound amazing but it'll probably do what I want for live
and I got one and I immediately purchased the second one.
I was like this is great.
It's a hell of a module.
It's stereo out too.
Yeah.
That's cool.
Only mono in but yeah it's pretty cool.
You get eight algorithms?
Yeah.
A lot of them are different delays.
Like you got your ping pong delay or whatever your time sync delay, your granular delay,
two reverb modes.
One is like a distorted delay and the other is just like your typical like haul delay
with like a filter on it and then there's like a bit crusher and there was like a phaser.
Well actually it's more than a bit crush.
It's also like an amp distortion too.
It has like two different ways depending on which knob you turn.
Like one knob is just like amp distortion and the second knob is like a sample rate
bit crush.
That's cool.
Yeah for three HP you know it's pretty awesome.
It's a lot of power.
Speaking of the peaks though, that and braids and clouds are all dead.
Yeah.
Which is crazy.
Braids and clouds are the only mutables I own aside from ears so it's kind of weird that
they're dead because clouds I love.
The very complexity that he dislikes is something I like.
I think we've talked about that before.
The only reason that I pulled a trigger on clouds initially was because it did more than
just the main mode you know which really wasn't all that appealing to me.
But all the other modes combined I was like yeah I could definitely see me using this
thing and I did.
I used all the modes fairly often.
It's really live.
Like I love to use in the looping delay live.
That was like a fun one.
Yeah it's weird to see that he's like I don't know.
I'm not feeling that module anymore.
I think you mentioned before I hope he's just like getting ready to drop the new hotness.
Yeah yeah.
Yeah.
He's doing like out with the old him with the new type of thing.
I hope you know what I mean.
And not that he's just burnt out.
Yeah.
I mean he announced something called marbles but he didn't say what the hell it is.
That's literally just a bag of marbles.
Yeah.
I'm done.
Fuck you.
Bag of marbles with a contact mic.
I'd probably buy it.
So I don't know if that's going to be like the clouds replacement or if it's something
new entirely but curious to see what he's going to come up with.
I'm like you wouldn't have bought it without parasites.
Yeah.
That was what tipped me over to like oh it's got a ton of stuff in here.
I use it all.
So I tried that.
What was it?
Camera all be one.
Never tried that one.
I eventually ended up back on the factory mode for a minute.
I still have the one that you loaded on it which is like parasites 1.2.
They're just certain like sounds and I don't afraid to lose on it.
Yeah.
Speaking of which the rain maker had a pretty significant update that was in beta for a
while.
We found some issues that do do with the sink which I didn't try.
Seems to sink very well now.
I did upgrade mine.
Sounds completely different.
Yeah.
Couldn't be too much more different.
Way cleaner.
It almost sounds like it was broken before even though there are certain things about
the way it was before that I kind of miss.
Sure.
One of the new features is auto gain compensation so you can't go too crazy with the feedback.
You can push it really far and it'll kind of not explode through the range.
It's kind of controlled but that was some of the very stuff that I thought was very interesting.
I was just gonna say it doesn't sound good though.
It's hard to say because I don't have two to like A/B it and then bring mine over today
because it's kind of all patched up with a bunch of stuff.
I like it but it's like I don't mind memory of what it used to be like kind of recedes
the more I use it too.
So I'm not mad at it right now but I know it sounds different and I like some of the
clean stuff I've been getting out of it but I don't think I'm gonna update mine.
Yeah I wouldn't.
I rely on the nastiness of it too much.
I mean sometimes yeah it is too nasty.
Yeah I mean like I can definitely push it into territory where it's unusable.
Any of no bugs.
No not that I've found that bug fix.
Yeah yeah but yeah I mean it can get off the rails pretty quickly.
It added some stuff like you can randomize the randomizations right now which is like
that's cool but random kind of does the trick for me anyway.
I don't need to randomize how it's randomizing it so much but then you're gonna want to randomize
that so randomize the randomize of your randomize deeper.
I forget what else I'm adding.
Oh they fixed um there were some things in the delay that weren't like some of the delay
lines had some glitches or something that not correct technically but maybe it was some
of the very stuff that was influencing its older sound but the shame is you can't um
there's no download for the old firmware.
Oh so I think you're stuck.
Thanks for the heads up.
I'm sure he would give it up because I was even thinking that.
Yeah I was even thinking I was like well maybe I could just try the new firmware and if I don't
like it I was down great.
So there's not like a github forward or anything like that.
I don't think they're on github.
It's on his site but there's no versioning.
It's just like here's the new firmware because before there wasn't a firmware update it was
just the stock one.
I'd use a Mac at home so I had to set up windows VM and then download the programming software
from the FPGA company which wasn't too hard like he has a video that walks you through
it pretty straightforward.
It didn't take too long to update but.
Is it the same as like the metropolis updater and all that shit?
That little USB thing you stick on the back?
Yeah well this one it was just a micro USB for the display and then a mini USB for the
FPGA in the back of it because you have to update the display too.
Well that's not saying about the warps parasite.
They kept the original factory on the end of the dial so you could call up all of those
back.
I didn't have to sacrifice it and I thought that was a cool idea.
Yeah.
Still kind of want one of those.
I fucking love it.
And yeah and with parasites you get that the original firmware and then all the crazy
shit he added so there's no sacrifice.
Alright that's cool.
Mutable dude.
Olivia is that right?
Yeah he even said that like warps is one of the ones that he's actually really happy
with currently and that he isn't killing or changing.
Oh that's awesome.
Yeah it's because it's a great module.
There's all kinds of stuff you can do with it.
I still can't believe you got rid of that defibrillator.
I only had the two cases you know.
Now that Mantis is in the picture and taking some of the utility modules out of the other
two rigs and the fact that Mantis exists and I could get another one and fit it in.
Yeah I do.
Definitely miss my D-fib.
I kind of have a, I saw someone made mention of a request for the 352 and I kind of want
it now too.
I want to be able to turn the course knob off so even if I move it it doesn't change
the pitch and that it will just have the pitch from the one volt per octave input.
Could you just turn the course all the way down?
I mean that's what I've been doing.
Yeah you could do that and then just adjust all your input voltages that way.
I kind of keep it in the middle or all the way down or something like that but I would
still like it so that I still bump into it when I'm using it live.
I'm like fuck because it changes the melody and you've got to find where you were at and
sometimes if you're not an extreme, that sucks.
So it would be cool if he would put like a just disable knob.
Yeah just take it from this EV input but literally my only request or complaint for
that module.
Yeah I still have an updated mine but I need to.
Yeah I dig that thing.
Man why you gotta bring up the fibrillator.
Now I'm thinking about it again I'm like I'd love to run that 3523 thing.
Yup that was a hell of a filter.
It was just gigantic dude.
That's why I never got one but every time I would come over and hear you use it or use
it I'd be like god damn this is good.
It's like the best MS20 clone I've ever heard.
I agree.
And I've tried a few of them yeah and that one was just like oh this is what I've been
looking for you know.
Ah damn it.
I'm sorry.
I think it was hard to come by now.
I was gonna ask you like what are they going for.
Like you never see them used they're just like non-existent.
Yeah I bought that when I was up in Toronto from Mugh music.
He only had one.
He had to give me the display model.
Oh this shit.
Yeah he had all the AS stuff up there man.
All of it.
I got to play with it and I was just like having a blast dude.
I was like oh I love all this shit.
I'll never buy it but I love it.
That's the first time I ever got to play with all that stuff in person.
You know like he had everything on the floor from them.
I was like that's fucking cool.
Because he's like even had the little shit I came here and was calling out.
The guy with the dot matrix.
Oh the Russian style one.
Vostok?
Vostok yes.
Yeah that and they had the telemark.
Yeah and all that stuff.
I was like oh man.
You had two of their modules right.
Whoops the other one.
I tried the VCO but it was kind of lackluster in my opinion.
It had a very very limited frequency range.
That was big too.
Yeah that was another monster.
Yeah it was supposed to be like a bass oscillator.
I don't know why I'm drawing a blank on the name right now.
I think it had saw on the name.
Yeah I think you're right.
Dual saw.
There we go.
That's it.
I think I paid 340 Canadian when I bought it.
Which is ten dollars.
Yeah I kind of missed that thing.
It was good for like feedback and shit.
But the thing that gave it most character was like the distortion and shit.
Yeah but I got enough shit for that now.
Speaking of filters though did you see that what is it?
The J80 or what the hell is it called?
Oh that.
What is it?
The Jove.
System 80?
No I haven't seen this.
It's a Jupiter 6 clone using not rare parts.
Who's making it?
Is it a kit?
System 80 the same people that make that like 808 in your rack.
It's really beautiful and has like step buttons you can actually put human fingers on.
But yeah that module is tempting because I sold my am since Jupiter 6 vcf cloned Russ
one day.
And then there's going to be the Chris Carter filters here pretty soon from FSS.
I can't imagine going more than a day without just caving and getting at least the filter.
Yeah and the filter.
You were trying to grab that stuff right off the bed.
The VCA looked kind of nice too.
That sounded good.
Because the only other thing I have is the spectral divisator.
Which I really love.
Right.
But you got like two of them don't you?
No no I just have one.
Okay.
It's a dual though.
It is a dual.
Yeah.
What do they come out?
Get a Dave.
Get them all.
They're not right.
It's expensive.
But to get all of them is pushing like a thousand I think.
But that's also a full system.
Oh it's a full voice.
Yeah.
We should change bad for a thousand bucks and it's got characters.
They ship November 1st.
There's a Tg2 generator which looks like a VCO.
Tg3 filter.
Tg4 modulator.
Tg5 pre-amplifier.
200 pounds, 150 pounds for two of them and then 250 for the preamp.
And those are pounds or the pounds or euros?
So that's going to be a lot more than that in the US bucks.
Actually I have no idea what the conversion rate at this point is.
Well 200 pounds is 262 US dollars right now.
Wow.
The whole thing pushes a thousand.
Which is?
No not bad at all.
Wait a minute.
We have a list.
Luxious 1.
Yeah.
Just talk about that a little.
So just to reiterate both of you have a Fuxious 1.
Technically.
Technically yes.
We both purchase one.
Nick does not have one at the moment.
I just shipped my back.
Gotcha.
That's right.
Repairs.
Day one.
Yeah.
Just kind of unfortunate.
I will say I was using it for like two hours and I was like cool.
I was getting the hang of it.
There are still some features that aren't implemented yet.
And I looked up and like half the LEDs weren't lit.
I was like oh I just thought I was in a weird mode or something.
Like I'm just still learning this.
It's complicated.
Yeah.
It's being drunk.
And I start to realize like I switched the modulator off a few times.
I'm like no these just aren't lighting up.
And you go into the one, I think it's the pattern mode or something like they all strobe in
colors.
But I realized even that wasn't triggering them.
And then I emailed him and I'm like hey running into this issue.
And he's like oh yeah this is one of these must have slipped through.
Oh okay so it was a hardware defect that any are in a replacement.
Yeah it seemed like it was their main defect basically that they were gated by shipping
from.
And a broken LEDs during the manufacturing process.
So I'm not getting a replacement they're apparently out of replacements but he is going
to.
He's like oh just fix yours and ship it back to you.
So it's a bummer but in no way a slight on him and what he's doing.
Yeah and when I was starting to use it and get the hang of it.
I was like cool I really like using this it's pretty straightforward to put melodies in.
Like there are some odd things like Greg and I were talking about earlier like using
the encoder to do things it would be easier if they were just kind of deep had buttons.
Yeah yeah okay.
Yeah I'd be a little straight.
Yeah.
Like immediately I feel like playing with it for an hour I was like I'm starting to hate
this encoder.
Like see to navigate through anything you have to push the encoder in.
Then scroll to the thing you want to change.
Depress it.
Then scroll to change it.
So like that's intense.
Yeah and there's a lot of stuff in there.
And I kept accidentally scrolling to the wrong thing or forgetting to push it and then I'd
scroll on the thing that didn't want to change.
And I was like this is after an hour this is already pissing me off.
And I was just thinking to myself like how could this be better?
And like in my head like four directional arrows or even just an up down and like an
enter in the middle or something would be so much easier.
I don't know if there's a way maybe they can encode it because there is like a page
up page down.
If there's a way like maybe in the code he could change it so that you could ignore the
encoder and maybe just use that to navigate and then maybe just push the encoder as an
enter.
It seems like a baffling sort of like design choice.
Everything else is just like out there laid out pretty thick.
Exactly.
That's the thing like when you ignore the encoder the rest of the interface is amazing.
I love the feel of the buttons.
I love the way everything's laid out.
I love how the menu system isn't too deep.
But then you get to that encoder and it just like it like contradicts all of that like
good workflow.
It's like grinding against the rest of that.
And I'm like hopeful that maybe he can get code a different way to navigate it.
Like an alternate firmware for people who like you who don't want to do it.
Like alternate but just add like the functions in there.
Like hold this and press this to move up and down the menu system instead of needing to
touch the encoder at all.
And you don't think you're going to warm up to it.
There's more stuff getting added to it which means you're going to have to be bouncing around
using that encoder even more so you know in the near future.
But that was my only overall complaint with my time with it.
I haven't had a chance to dive too deeply into it.
I mainly was just using it to do some basic sequences and some ARP stuff.
The ARP engine I think is fantastic.
Agreed.
Yeah that was really cool.
So what does it offer?
What's its ARP per step?
Yeah.
So like each step can have it work.
So how does it work?
ARP-H-G-I.
Same step sequence you can have 16 different ARP deviations.
Like if you really wanted to make some complex.
Like I was making with my uh, SIGUTS.
I was programming like a lot of weird like, truly you know C64 ARP sequences with it.
So I mean how do you give it, do you give it like a chord?
Do you give it a direction?
Like what is your actual object?
Yeah.
All of it.
Per step.
Yeah.
That's bonkers.
You start with step one and you tell it like you know, direction chord all this shit and you
tell it how long you want it to be held for.
So like if you just want that to be four steps you set that to four.0 you know what
I mean?
And then you go to step five and you do like a two step ARP you know.
And so then you'll go to step six and do like another one.
Oh yeah.
You know what I mean?
Oh so it's not like you don't have to do it per step though.
Yeah.
Give each step its length.
You know what I mean?
And then you have to like oh wow that sounds awesome.
It is.
It's pretty awesome.
And that was the main reason that I was interested in this in the first place.
I was like that is a great feature you know what I mean?
And it's awesome.
And also the modulations.
Yeah that's a huge feature.
That was the thing I loved most about my sequencer one was that I could create a more complex
sequence by using the LFOs out and routing them back into itself.
This can do the same type of thing.
But currently the LFOs aren't synchronized.
Which to me is kind of a major downer.
Do you have a reset though?
I mean even if not synchronized can you at least do a hard reset?
Yeah I don't think you can at that moment.
So it's kind of like free form jazzy you know.
Which isn't me.
I like being precise and synchronizing everything.
To the clock you know what I mean?
Yeah.
So he said that's going to come in the future.
So it was kind of a bummer that none of the features on the front panel work currently.
Like everything in gold on there.
Yeah.
Except for muting the CV in the gate which are the top two.
Everything else that's in gold doesn't work yet.
So you'll slam the shift and hit that and be like it's not doing anything.
Yeah.
And I had no idea of this.
So I spent like at least a good 45 minutes trying to figure out what the hell I was doing
wrong.
You weren't holding it hard enough.
Yeah.
You're missing a key combo is there an option in the menu.
I went through like every option I was just like no.
And then Nick told me he's like yeah none of the gold tech stuff works yet.
I was like what?
It's like okay.
So yeah it's kind of half baked right now.
What's the road map?
I mean is this like is he going to be having new stuff on weeks or is it.
I thought I was going to be out before it shipped.
Yeah.
I think that's what he said originally.
So I have no idea at this point.
But I hope it soon.
Hopefully it doesn't drag on.
Because it sucks to like stare at this panel and say oh yeah this thing is going to do
this.
But just you wait right now it doesn't.
Yeah it's like it's kind of just like a tease.
But so far just as a basic sequence there are an ARP engine loving it.
But yeah I can't wait to see when it reaches its final form.
Yeah.
Reaches power level over 9000.
It's become Star-Sartre again going back to Pokemon.
But I like the basics of it.
That's why even when I got it and a couple hours later it wasn't working.
It was like alright a) I don't really have time to like learn a new sequence or right
now I'm trying to make a bunch of stuff and that this will distract me for weeks.
And b) it was like the basic stuff was really straightforward and quick to get sequences
going.
So that's what I wanted it for.
I love the colors too.
The screen, the colors, the buttons.
The buttons.
Very nice.
Yeah.
Even if someone who like just hates colorful things and anything that isn't just gray or
black even I was like warmed over by it.
It just looks like something you use the pilot like an alien craft.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
It's so compact too.
Yeah.
For a sequencer people tend to make these big fucking modules for sequencers but the thing
it's got it all and it's compact as hell.
And the jack-a-lay out looks sensible like it doesn't look too cramped.
I mean you're probably not going to have a ton of stack cables.
There's four channels and ins and outs.
Yeah.
It's all there in that little package.
It's pretty sweet.
And it's well made too when I got it.
I'm like alright he put a lot of detail into the mechanical construction of it.
It doesn't feel like a shitty like it was put together poorly.
Great.
I had some LED defects but you know it's manufactured.
Yeah.
Again though I do want to complain about the encoder.
Like not just the use of it but the feel of it.
The encoder to me feels cheap compared to everything else.
Like the button on it and just like the movement of it.
Like in comparison like the 352 the encoder on that thing feels rock solid.
Yeah it's a nice knob.
You know that feels like a nice encoder.
The flexor one just feels like I could snap that encoder off.
I agree with that.
I'd like the thumb indent on the 352 also.
I love that too.
Yeah I feel like what is it?
What are you talking about?
Feel it dude.
Alright let me go feel this.
It's got a thumb groove on the encoder.
It's fantastic.
Yeah.
We're here.
Wait what the fuck is that?
Yeah it's nice dude.
That is nice.
It's right there.
Now feel the flexor encoder.
Oh god yeah I know.
I don't want to know.
I've never felt something.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah that's surprisingly flimsy.
I'm just gonna get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit.
What are you doing with my cartons?
Why are they taped to the walls?
Making a new video moon.
Me long.
(laughing)